Oh, cute!
Jordan Giha | WXLLSPACE: She's only one years old.
Stella Campo | Coexist: Oh, yeah.
Jordan Giha | WXLLSPACE: Oh, yeah, true looking good. Yeah.
Stella Campo | Coexist: we had. Ro, we have Rocco. He's a palm. He's he's an only child for 8 years, and still
Neal Sáles-Griffin: adjusting to the baby, II had a 15 year old Pomeranian with my daughter was born, thank God, he was that old, because I know he would not have liked her.
Mariana | Cut + Clarity: Sadly. He passed just before she turned one, but was only kind because he was so old. Otherwise he hated her.
Stella Campo | Coexist: Yeah, he's still adjusting. But he's a good big brother. He's protected. I love Pomeranian.
Stella Campo | Coexist: Yeah.
I did, too.
Mariana | Cut + Clarity: Okay, we have our friends on zoom on here.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: are you guys, can you guys hear us?
Mariana | Cut + Clarity: Yeah. Zoom, yes.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: okay.
Jordan Giha | WXLLSPACE:  wait.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay. So Neil and I are doing like a newscasting bit where we have the zoom people on our ears. And
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so we might get questions from you guys.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you can do it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay? So we're recording on the zoom.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Got some passing.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, II turned it to transparent
Mariana | Cut + Clarity: Liliana. We can hear you, but not Neil.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, they can't hear nearly well.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: okay, yeah, you can just sweep into my microphone
Neal Sáles-Griffin: yay congrats.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So the difference between the orientation we already did with you guys where we set expectation that was just our team. This is from Texas Central. This is the actual official text. There's orientation. We wait to do this because our expectations are much more important. But this is also some general.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It's true, very good. Also some general info, that you're gonna
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so it's a little cut off with the faces, but you get the gist, so we'll go through logistics. We'll talk about the programming again. We'll cover the basics.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and then we'll talk about how you walk me through the most out of experience this week and everything thereafter.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There we go. Oh, okay, cool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin:  yeah. And and this is, I think, extremely. I think there's a variety of investment approaches and Vcs that people take with respect to Tech star but for us.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we know and have seen over many, many years, 13 years as a mentor past 4 years. As an Md.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Some of you all have fundamentally different businesses by the event program.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Some of you will be exactly as you design and plan, but many of you will shift it up and just know that what we're betting on is you as a founder and as a person over whatever business, model or idea it is that could work
Neal Sáles-Griffin: even if your business ends up not working out. You're still a part of tech start. You're still an alumni. You're still part of this family.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and we have your back. And hopefully, at least one of you succeeds. Well, then, you can hire the rest of us
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so hopefully, that's cool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin:  and then I think I need to click on the click on the slide. There we go.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: or we could just get rid of their faces.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We love you still, but it would be fine.
Neal Sáles-Griffin:  Now, put back on the screen. Verona.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: did you explain why? It's important that it's just the founders. Yeah. So so the reason why it's so important that we invested in people is because your businesses are gonna change. I think it says somewhere on here. But the business that you have today every single one of you will, it will look completely different at Demo Day. So whatever you think, it is right now, it will more. And the reason that we don't invest in your business idea is to have that ability to change. So you guys are much more
Neal Sáles-Griffin: about the resilience that you have the coach ability, that you have the
Neal Sáles-Griffin: ingenuity, all of the different things that make you guys great founders. That's what we invested in, so that, as you learn, as we infuse all of the knowledge that we have for you guys, you guys can take that and run with it and create whatever it is that you find will be successful.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So a good example of this is, we had a company in 2020 in our very first program.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It started in January 2020, so, as you can imagine. Halfway through the pandemic hits we had. Yeah, we had go, Nanny, which was taking childcare workers who run daycares and giving them extra money with the gig economy by being able to shuttle children around before and after their shift.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Almost a million er we were getting close to revenue. Amazing, and they had a deal, a really big deal with one of the Major Daycares in Chicago overnight. Their business is gone. They have 0. It goes away because Covid hit lockdown hits.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: All the kids are going home no more daycare usage, no more revenue forecast. What do you do?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Right? So we had to help them navigate that situation, and I think they're at like 2 million dollars there are now. But they completely visited because the founder, Patrice, she was so resilient, and she was so smart in the way that she thought about problems. She went to a completely different space. Her whole thing was child care. And all of this because she was a third generation child care business owner.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But she changed to logistics. So she has a completely different company. It's logistics for small businesses. They have a 1 million dollar contract with the city of Chicago now, doing amazingly. But if we didn't invest in founder first, that wouldn't have happened, and just to give you a connection to the tech start network as well. David Cohen, founder and chairman of Techstars. He was in Chicago a few weeks ago, meeting with the the rickets, which is the Wrigley family, owns the Chicago Cubs. They're one of our tech started Lp.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but he was like, Hey, I'm gonna be in Chicago. You want to do something. Throw all the founders together. So we invited a bunch of that's our Chicago founder. Whoever was local. And Patrice came, and they had, like a 20 or 30 min side conversation, asking, How do I go from 2 million AR to 20 million here.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So the fact is, like the founder chairman just pulls up and we're like, Hey, Patrice, is that too many, or help or think through how to do this. And like that's the power of the network. And what happens many years after that? That was 4 years ago when she went through that. And now she's able to like talk about business with
Neal Sáles-Griffin: on on those fronts that's pretty cool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There we go.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: oops, there we go. Maybe there we go. Oh.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so
Neal Sáles-Griffin: it's a new clip, your brand at the bottom. So tech stars, I think this is a good time to go over textiles values. So techstars. Number one value is give first, so you'll see hashtag give first on everything. You'll see it on the founders. Con merch tomorrow. That we live by that. So you'll see that everybody who is brought into this community gives first. So before asking, they are the willing to give up anything that anyone needs make the intros give that connection where it's needed.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It even gets down to like. We had one founder move in the middle of program, and her movers canceled on her, and she sent us a distressed voicemail. So our team went out and moved her on a Friday night. So it's that deep, and it extends across more than just the programs team. Our mentors, our alumni, all of those people are here to give first to you. And you guys are part of that as well. Now
Neal Sáles-Griffin: cool. Another that yeah, I could say, I mean, the other thing is that what's
Neal Sáles-Griffin: very clever about the text? But this model is that it becomes more valuable over time.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So, as many the more classes happen, the larger the network gets.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So now we're over 4,000 companies over the past 16 years. So that means that you all have reach and access to more people and more progress and more successful businesses than any class ever before.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and it's up to you to take advantage of that, though. Right? So we can't. You know, force you all to network this week at founder account. But if you really have a good plan in order of who you want to talk to which businesses you want to connect to.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you all are gonna steam past so many people that don't have access to this kind of network so quickly.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But there were 2 more values I want to go over. So this the next value we can go back now.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: The next value is founder first. So, founders over everything techstars. We have our own company, you know, goals and things that we're trying to do as a company. But you guys come first. So in every single decision that we make, we're not thinking about the best thing for our team or the Tech Star Central brand, anything like that. It's what you guys need, because we have a thesis at techstars that if we put the founders first the business will follow, because our business is making you guys great.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so that I don't know if you have an example of going founder first. But oh, I mean, there's plenty of examples. So there's a lot of times when I'll give you easy. You all know about how that works. Right? So as investors, we have the ability to participate in your next round.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Now, if that is against your interest, because you have other investors that you want to make space for.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We go to Bat to make sure that we're not exercising that option. If it's not to your benefit.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: For example, I've done that multiple times. But there's a lot of decisions that can come up where we go. Okay, are we going to help the founder first, or is this to the benefit of tech stars? It always
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so. It's been super rare that I've ever had to do that. But whenever I need to make sure that I'm protecting your interest and rights.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because maybe Techsard wants you to do something else or need something else from you. That's my job. That's our job as a team. But we always operate that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And then the last one is when as a team, so this one's really great, and it's how we operate as a team on our own program team side. So there are no sort of levels or anything. We all pitch into all parts of the program. But it's also relevant for you guys. So when as a team is relevant to you guys, because one way that we talk about the company. I think one of our team members mentioned it on your expectations. Call
Neal Sáles-Griffin: it's like you have a 40 person company right now, and even more so now that we have 24 companies, even though you guys will be separated for some, a lot of it is together. So now we have 24 companies working together. That's like 40 or 50 people in total with all of your co-founders, you guys get to collectively knowledge, share work through problems together. All of your networks are now combined. We have a super network. So a lot of people say, it's like a company of
Neal Sáles-Griffin: 40 people. So you're really winning as a team. It's like the rising tide lifts all boats. The better all of you do, the more you have access to. So you guys will want each of each and every one of you to propel just as much as you want your own company to propel. I thought of another example. So another thing that some of you may be familiar with is that we have a follow-on funk
Neal Sáles-Griffin: called Tsv. Techstar ventures. So at the end of most programs, texts, ours will potentially invest in one or 2 companies coming out of the permit.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: The way they do that is, it's not actually based on our assessment. It's based on like an objective like, if you're raising around, you fill out a form. And then they automatically, kind of algorithmically decide which company they deploy capital to
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that being said, they do also do a spot check on mbe sentiments.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I do provide updates to text on how you all perform that program.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That being said.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I never say anything bad about any. I all I tell techstars is what's good.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's my other thing.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So the reason being is that whatever feedback I have or improvements I think we need to make as a business is between us. Texts are is, I'm keeping all of you in good standing, so that you all have a chance to get the capital if that makes sense, and if you need it, and if the numbers add up based on their outcome.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that's our agreement between us. I don't share that publicly. I don't talk about that before program starts or anything like that. But I want every single one of my founders to know. I have nothing bad to say about any of you to anybody except in the room shared here.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and and I don't even ever have it. Same test things. I want you to work
Neal Sáles-Griffin: cool. Yup, here's a team, so we'll have everybody just again, because I think it'd be great to hear voices in a real room for those of us who are here. Maybe we start with Aliyah
Neal Sáles-Griffin: happy. Everyone introduce some stuff. Go ahead and do a bio. You can say as much as much or as little as you want.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Sorry listeners. They're introducing some. Yeah, maybe I'll just send this.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm standing here so the mic can hear.
Okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: okay, it was really fun. Yeah. Say as much as you want.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay,
Neal Sáles-Griffin: okay, I'm Alita, what
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I am the investment analyst. I help not to do sourcing and selection. And I'm also here to help you guys work with you during program on
Neal Sáles-Griffin: company, and then a little mix of events and networking, and
hey?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And where do you live? You live here? Oh, you're local, and I yes, I'm based in San Francisco. So I'm local.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: yeah, is there anything you're particularly passionate about helping like on the business side that maybe they can ask you about?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I know you like marketing. Yeah. So yeah, the lot of my experience is actually in marketing before this. So I am newer on the investment side of things. Before this I did a lot of events and did a lot of digital marketing. If you have any questions about, you know Google analytics. Or you know, things like that that you need help with. That's actually, you know where my expertise kind of lies.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that's not a part of my job description, but I would love to help with any marketing things. You guys may be helpless. Yeah. doing good.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Hi, everyone. I'm Brooke great to meet you all I've been with now just about a year. I live in the Far East Bay. I live in Pleasantville, which is a town no one knows about. But that's okay. So happy to be here in Oakland.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm the program manager. So I do just a lot of the day to day, settings up everything. You all need to have a successful program for your for 3 months, and then also, as alumni, Olivia and I have started doing alumni third Thursday for folks who are local, or if you're ever in town, and we do those every third day. So always some good way to meet local experts. Alumni.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What else can I tell you?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You back up? Oh, sure. Before this I ran career accelerator programs for nonprofit for many years to help folks from different backgrounds get into higher paying jobs like tech.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And before that I've done many things. I've worked at a travel company. I've worked at a tech product
Neal Sáles-Griffin: gathering venture capital data. I've done sales. I've been kind of everything so always happy to help Structure as support, give local recommendations in the business
that's awesome. That's
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and then Brooke is also your main point of contact for any questions about the space
Neal Sáles-Griffin: last year in Chicago.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and so happy to be here. I live 10 min walk from here. So if you are interested in learning about this area.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: actually don't know very much. I just moved. Never mind.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but they go with you to wear open one floor yet.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And I am here to help you
Neal Sáles-Griffin: excel business program. My company is in senior care. It's my second company. My first company is in biotech on hardware.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So yes, I have an affinity for
Neal Sáles-Griffin: businesses that are very hard to scale so, but I do believe that anything that doesn't defile these laws of physics are pretty much
Neal Sáles-Griffin: encourage all of these to also have the same optimism, and especially now that yours
Neal Sáles-Griffin: in the program.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And so I don't do. Certain
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Corona superpowers is optimism. Did you say that you studied physics
Neal Sáles-Griffin: cause. That was that reference. Yes, I thought it was like broader back has nothing to do with my what I do now. But
Neal Sáles-Griffin: yes, that's what I did
Neal Sáles-Griffin: hopefully.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Whole foods nearby across the gym, and I have a 6 month old puppy. So if you need to come
Neal Sáles-Griffin: opportunity during the day, or some puppy magic. Unfortunately, I don't think they allow all of them here so, but always
Neal Sáles-Griffin: welcome. This is real like. It's always your way together, always welcome to walk away from my house
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like right after they don't have to walk him out. And so I will walk into.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It's okay. It's thinking of knowing a lot about the Oakland space, I think Nazi probably knows the most out of any of us. He knows all the facts about the space or the the city.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay, that's really difficult for me. So I'm not shooting. I generally talk really softly. So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: this is me yelling.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm the investment associate for hex, Oakland, and future ecommerce. Ebay. I lead up the sourcing and collection for the program.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So kind of doing a lot of hunting not just for founders, but also really great investors and partners and mentors. So if you are interested in connecting with people happy to kind of like loop people in just kind of like, let me know.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I am also here to help you guys grow your businesses. So I'm obviously helping to
Neal Sáles-Griffin: provide any like feedback, or if you just want to like chat, I think I'm a pretty easy person to talk to, so you're more than welcome to just come and shoot the shit.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: The what else?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Background is in electrical engineering. So I focused in systems and signals, nanotechnics and photonics.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I had a previous startup in the energy space. We designed a manufacturer
Neal Sáles-Griffin: backup battery systems for telecommunications, sites. It's super esoteric. But you wanna ever hear about that more than happy to talk about it. And
Neal Sáles-Griffin: yeah, I'm also in Oakland.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I am originally from New Jersey, like, right outside of New York City. But I'm now in Oakland. I actually live closer to the basement, Ferona, so I'm maybe like a 3 min walk.
Neal Sáles-Griffin:  Please don't come to my house, but but I'm more than happy to take you to and get like local food and restaurant places.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Unlike Verona, I actually do know about a bunch of them. So I'm more than happy to make suggestions. But yeah, that's me.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, yeah, yes, and so worked for a while as a consultant helping early stage startups create venture capital, and obviously including my own. But I've had a breath of experience and kind of navigating that landscape. So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: they're not surges.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: strategize you, and like, talk about all that good stuff, and maybe give some insight if you don't already know it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And yes. I don't know
everybody.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: They're saying that not is the most well networked out of our entire cohort for our entire program spends a lot of time doing eco-development like knows all these people in the bay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So you guys can ask me thanks for like connections and networking stuff.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It's like Newcastle. I like it
Neal Sáles-Griffin: developing. Well, I want to start up that way. I'm Kate, I'm the lead associate for these programs. I.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And really, so for the duration of this program, I'm mostly gonna be focused on helping you guys, customer discovery and understanding your customers and understanding your problems, things like that. I'm also just helping out with everything that comes up. And
Neal Sáles-Griffin: yeah, I have a little bit of a
Neal Sáles-Griffin: not background. But experience was like product management, product, strategy. I love to my favorite part. I love working with team. I've been working with Neil and Liliana for, like the past one and a half years. But actually my favorite part of being involved in tech stars is working very in the week with founders on stuff like just like sitting down and just whiteboarding like just
Neal Sáles-Griffin: being out of rain in the room
Neal Sáles-Griffin: to think about things. Be it about customer discovery or anything else. And so I'm always open to doing that. II think I I'm really really interested in one to becoming a founder myself. But I have commitment issues when it comes to spaces. And so my favorite part of this is to be able to be curious about all of our businesses and all the different problems are solving. And so, yeah, please, always use me as another brain.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: yeah, okay, it has boundary feeling.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And she worked as a product manager at many
Neal Sáles-Griffin: platform for finding Vegan food. And I started working on that during the pandemic. I had no experience, but I sort of just taught myself that and and sort of we take. We took over like a little tech team, and we just started shipping things like for a year and a half. And actually, now I'm starting to work with them again on a part. Time basis. So I love working on anything that's like product strategy, like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: thinking about how to translate like customer insights into like, actually like focus and scrappy ways to like, sort of validate the problems you're trying to solve and and and map that out like, I love doing stuff like that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Then they need to help. And
Neal Sáles-Griffin: it was the recent forced migration from universal analytics to Google analytics for. And it's events, it it's event based analytics. It's sort of just new to a lot of people. Last year, when I was working, still working with Happy Cow, I had to manage that migration myself, and so I I've sets up a lot of like through analytics from scratch and things like that. So that's sort of just like an interesting example like product analytics. That's something I've actually like also worked more
Neal Sáles-Griffin: in the in the weeks on the past number was one of the company stigma on product analytics and product strategy. So II love doing stuff like that. I see a lot of nodding heads. So it looks like you're gonna be helping a lot of people.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So Kate's gonna be instrumental outside of product design. She has a great eye for design, but in week 2 and 3, when we do the job suite on immersive or customer discovery immersive weeks where you guys are, gonna go out and talk to customers and do an entire curriculum on it. Kate will be instrumental in that, because she has mentored a lot of our companies as we go through that curriculum.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Thank you. Cool. Well, I'm Liliana. I'm the investment manager here for both programs. I've worked with Neil for 4 years now running 7 programs. So they, this is our eighth and ninth program. We're super excited to be in the bay. My background is in computer science.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I started a couple of startups during college and then went to work for a late stage startups. So I have some software engineering industries for Keith, which I bring to now working in venture capital. So I really like getting into the weeds of how you guys are structuring things. It's also really helpful, for when you evaluate companies, I also help with a
Neal Sáles-Griffin: underrepresented funds for founders, free accelerators. So our thesis is under represented founders that don't necessarily get a friend and family round that maybe more traditional founders would get were that first chat for people that's pre-accelerator proceed. That's like, at people around 1 million
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so super early, maybe even pre-product. And I really love mentoring those companies. And for the first time now we have some of those companies we invested in coming into the program. So in the Oakland program we have 3 of our rising stars investments in that
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so that is our 8 million dollar fund that Neil and I spun up with another team member back in 2020. So we've been working on that for 3 years.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, that's my background. Is there anything else you wanted me to add? No, that was perfect. Yeah, in addition to everybody on this team can just kinda like figure anything out kind of. And that's pretty much everybody that we work with. So just know that if we don't know the answer or how to help you with something, we'll find someone who does. But we're all aligned, and I think the the final thing, I think, is important about our team is just to know that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: regardless of age or experience or background, we treat everyone equally, and we ask you all to respect that and and get everyone you know on a level playing. I think in certain environments, in certain places people tend to size folks up, especially around these parks in the bay. I'm learning this around here for us. We're bringing a lot of altruistic Chicago.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's what you're getting from.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: oh, I have to introduce myself. Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: yeah, you'll hear more next weekend. But I think for 18 years I started, but like a handful of businesses. I've raised capital. I've sold companies. I've worked at 4 and a half venture firms.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I will go over a lot of gory details and specifics. Maybe at that last night at the Retreat it'll be like 2 or 3 h. You can ask all the questions.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It was definitely surprising, you know, a few months ago, when I got the call to, you know, move to the Bay from Chicago.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But it was a big deal. I understood the assignment.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There's a lot of really important things to do here, and you all are gonna be the pioneers of the progress that Tech started finally decided to deploy and move into the Bay area and get this going. So just know that this is a learning experience for all of us. We're super humble and like honored to have the opportunity. But it it won't mean anything unless you all have the best possible experience.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Just know that we're here first and foremost, to make sure that you all are successful and happy with this program. So just keep us in the loop on how we can continue to do super important. Good. Alright.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that's the team.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Can you click that thing again? Yeah, just click on the slide.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Perfect.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay, so how to work with us. So you guys will get the program handbook tomorrow. And that will list out everything we've talked about in this and our last session. But you guys are going to get on board. It's a base camp tomorrow as well. So the main thing is you can ping us on base camp. That's like the end for urgent things. Boxer. We talked about that in our expectation setting presentation. But all of the
Neal Sáles-Griffin: program team is on Boxer. So anything urgent that you need within like a day or so. Just send us a boxer, otherwise ping us on base camp, and we'll also get back to that pretty quickly.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And then you'll meet with Neil Naji, Verona and myself, and or your eirs, which we'll get into every single week, and then you'll have regular touch points with Kate Elliot and Brooke as well. Throughout the week. Couple of things Eir standards for entrepreneurs and residents that'll be more explained in the Handbook, and then 2.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You all are you? You get to the top of the pile when it comes to our attention by default.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So when it comes to where we, when we look at our phone, when we check our computers, any messages or notices from you, all
Neal Sáles-Griffin: are always at the top of the priority box for us. There's emails we get from other people, one of the places founders that want us to invest people that want to meet with us Texar Central. All that stuff. The reason we design these communication systems is so that whatever you need comes.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that's kind of how we work.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It's really, really nice, because our favorite thing to do is spend time with you. So you're doing us a favor by staying in touch and communicating.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, definitely reach out a lot of founders in the past. Think that maybe because we're so busy, it is. It's not welcome. It is literally our favorite thing to do throughout the day. So it's more than welcome. You guys can send us as many questions or messages as you'd like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: This is important. Yeah. So we? We wrote this copy together, but you mentioned it already. Just know that this is this is a special. This is the character for all of
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so we're we're we're asking for your support and your partnership to turn this into being the best possible. You know, round of programs that we've ever had the privilege to run, but also, like all eyes, are kind of on the bay right now.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: techstars has 50 plus programs all over the world, but yet never in the largest and most thriving, you know, market for tech startups in the world.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So here we are. Everyone's gonna want to support you. The people you're gonna meet over the next 3 days. You're gonna go. Wow! You're part of Oakland and and San Francisco and ebay like, what's that like? How's it going and program hasn't even started.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So show them who we are. You all are a representation of us, and we will do our best to be a proper representation of you, but I mean you can be more excited about the opportunity, and I guess that last line is super important. I learned that in general in life. I relearned it by interacting with David Cohen and learning about the foundation of tech art.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And you all are gonna need to know this as you grow and skill your businesses as you hire people. and you manage, and your teams and employees, you deal with customers. It's not all going to be roses.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so just assume good intent as much as you can respect to. Why a Vc. Ghosted you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: or why someone isn't actually getting back to you in a timely way, or why, you know something falls apart that you expect it to go very differently. Just do your best to assume good intent, try to suss out the situation, get our support, and we'll find a way to work through inevitable problems will occur.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So just know that, and we'll be able to do it with you.
Right?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah. So now that you guys are techstars, founders each and every one of you, it's techstars for life.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So this is a promise that we at techstars make to you guys, you guys are techstars, founders. No matter what happens to your business, your business could close tomorrow. You are still a tech stars. Founder business can go and exit, and you could start another company, and you're still a tech stars founder, and we're not going to be disappointed. Some things I hear sometimes, and program and its founders will say, Oh, I don't want to disappoint you, but this is happening. I'm like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: just try your best. So long as you try your best to make your business work we're alive.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so don't worry about pleasing us
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like, hold yourself accountable to your own expectations and work with it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I just need to make sure I emphasize that. And you won't think you owe anyone anything we we don't have voting control. We can't tell you what to do. Never wanna tell you what to do. We'll present options and layout trade offs and situations, but never will I ever just sit down in a room and go. You are screwing this up royally. You have to follow my advice against your own instincts. That's just not how we give advice and how we work with founders.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So just know that that's really important, because a lot of founders want us to be prescriptive.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but but we won't be so. We're coming on as co-founders. We're coming on as cofounders with you guys, but we're not here to tell you what to do, even if you might want that. So there are a lot of mentors out there that are willing to tell you what to do. I would be wary of that. You guys are the captains of the ship. You're the ones that are in control, and at the end of the day we can only give you advice. Yeah, ultimately, it's not
Neal Sáles-Griffin: gonna be up to. So I can tell you advice all day and tell you what I think. But I don't have to do it, and I'm not the one at risk, and it's not my business that I put all my life and energy into. That's at risk with those decisions.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But that's why we take that approach. So we will give you like a lot of strong opinions. But they're loosely held. So for textiles, for live. There are a couple of things. So techstars. Universe is our proprietary, almost like internal Linkedin with all of our alumni mentors, investor network. It is brand new. It launched last summer. So it's we're slowly rolling. People on. You guys are still some of the first
Neal Sáles-Griffin: founders to be invited on there, because it's only been live for a year. So we're slowly building out that network. But it's it's a thriving place. So that's where you guys will find your perks. I believe in week. One is when you guys get onboarded, one or 2, our engineers will just add you all. Whoever is on the Am. S.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That you applied with. And you guys will be able to see the Perks reach out to people. And then inside techstars universe. There's the test techstar discord community.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That is where all of our alumni and our everyone who works for tech stars and all of our mentors chat. This is also brand new. We just launched it. It's so new that not everybody is taking advantage of it. So some of our founders are the main people who are live in there, and the founder and chairman of tech Stars. David Cohen is giving them one on one advice, because they're so few people in there. They're only like 1,000,
Neal Sáles-Griffin: 1,000 out of our 3,000 companies, and there are a lot of different channels and stuff. So a lot of our founders have received a lot of help on here. Go on post about your questions that you have. You know anything from. You're having a hiring. You want people to help find a job.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: or you have like a tech question, they get answered in there. So we definitely don't sleep on this like actually go in. It's kind of like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: happy hour.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, like, like, you've got all these like discounts. And like, you know it, there's not. And everyone has it figured out that the party is there yet.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Discount for getting access to people. probably in the next year to what we're going to be.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Take advantage of it now.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: absolutely, and then. Founder Khan, you guys know founder account. You'll be invited every year as an alum, whether your business is in business or not so as long as you stay connected to us, where you'll be able to get the invite from us on Base camp, which you guys will stay on for as long as you'd like. You'll be able to come to Foundercon, and then more. So. There are lots and lots of things that we offer to our alum. And you guys are just alums forever. So we like to make this point clear because textiles realize is a big part of what we do here.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we'll support you after the program for indefinite time. So there are people who have closed down their companies that you still meet with. Right? Oh, yeah, for sure. We we pulled them back in. We get them, you know, involved. They come back and still speak. Make sure lessons. They start new companies we consider reinvesting or getting them into other programs. We still help them raise capital. It's like, no matter what. Now that you're in, you're in.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So we got you back for the family. But you guys also are expected to give first back just to keep that a thriving network.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You represent us all, you guys are amazing people. So we don't have to spend too much time on this. But
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the code of conduct that you'll be sent tomorrow. It's a very official, Doc, that's what you guys are expected to live by at all times, because you guys are tech stars founders now, and people will start to know you. So when you guys are interacting with things, even if you're not wearing this shirt, you're representing tech stars. You're a tech star's company at tech stars founder. And there are certain ways that we want our tech stars founders to act
Neal Sáles-Griffin: in the communities with respect. you know, always being honest, having integrity, think basic things like that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I guess I'll say something a little unique to this situation with this group.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I've I've heard this phrase a lot. In the past few months things are different. In the bank.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Things are different in the back. Keep hearing that. And I'm like, Okay, what does this mean, I've spent more time here than anywhere else. Aside from my hometown, Chicago. Right? So I feel that. And I get that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But it's also up to us to decide who we want to be here.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: right and how we want to move through the space and what kind of culture we want to represent. So it's not just. Texts are global. It's techstars, Oakland and Techstar's ebay feature of ecommerce, San Francisco, Oakland.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Our vibe, like these tech stars founders who are the founders of the company, the co-founders of the company, the Ceos. You all can decide how you want to be represented.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so that culture that we set together, how we treat people, how we give first, how we're humble, but at the same time very, very assertive, and trying to build our businesses.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We can set that culture. So if you want contrast, if you want to
Neal Sáles-Griffin: combine, if you want to be more like the Yc. Founders, other venture back founders, other firms. Let's figure that out together. I don't have a strong opinion on what we should be other than giving first and being respectful.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: just being good people with integrity, how we operate and how we move
Neal Sáles-Griffin: as long as we're good with value alignment. There, I think we're gonna have a breakout.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: If we set that culture, great people will find us as well. We know that from setting up other ecosystems for tech stars. So when we start from within with how we interact with people, people will be knocking at our door to be part of this network and help you guys.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You know, there's large cohorts and large programs and hundreds of companies that are part of other programs and accelerators. And you know, venture portfolios.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There's just 24 of us.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So with that small group. We could say a lot.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: even with just that, that small like the people in this room and the people in this ball. So let's do that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You guys will also be sending weekly updates. We talked about that last week, and we actually have a session during week. One about it. But representing us is a good way to do that. So week, one week, 2. These are the first weeks, a lot of founders and other programs that are not spun up yet. That's one of the reasons we do the Pre program so that you guys can hit the ground running and send out your week. One Update show texts like, you guys are here. And you mean it. And you guys, are, you mean business? That would represent us? Very well.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: almost. There.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: yeah, that's good for over 4 years now.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and the company looks fundamentally different than it did when I started.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We've had a change in leadership composition of our teams. The diversity that I've seen across not only program teams, but also our investment.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: have transformed in a way that I'm very proud of
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and just know that we're still committed to helping all of you with your businesses, making sure that you're including diverse perspectives on your teams, and as investors and beyond, through and through. So if you're ever uncertain about how to make sure that you benefit from the sheer fact that by diversifying who you're interacting with, who you're hiring who you're serving as customers is going to benefit you in the long term, because it'll make you a more global company.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: right with potential for scale. We're happy to help you with that, because we've embodied that as a business over these years.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So yeah, they hired when they hired me. I think I was like, I don't know about the first or one of the first whatever. Also, I think I was the youngest at the time, too.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah. And and now there's so many other people that I would say, are.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you know I look up to, or I'm impressed by. I'm way more like Audrey and in Miami. And then there's, you know, Trey. And in Tulsa, like you're gonna meet all these crazy people on these program teams who are brilliant in their own right.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And it's not just one person, not just one managing director, and not just one set of program team that you all have access to the network.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Everyone's so super diverse and interesting, and I can't wait for you on to meet them. and you'll see most of them this week. The next couple days.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think we've we've never highlighted this section, but because we're in the winter cohort system, I guess that's relevant. So everybody has a different set of religious holidays. And we're going into the holidays season during our programs. So just work with the program team. And we respect anything that you guys need to kick off for, and things like that. Just let us know beforehand. That's it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Communication is key.
Great.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright! Can we click the screen and check
Neal Sáles-Griffin: alright. Program, timeline. So this is good visualization of what I was talking about last week. So in
Neal Sáles-Griffin: month one this will be week, one through 5 in person week, one week.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: RAM all of our workshops into this first month. We will still have workshops, but this is extremely workshop heavy to give you guys that knowledge. So then you can go and iterate in month 2. We also have mentor madness in this month. Month 2 is all about building and iterating. So all of the workshops will be marketing growth, hacking social media things like that. And Month 3 is selling
Neal Sáles-Griffin: fundraising and demo day prep. So a lot of us were asking about opening rounds. We're preparing you so that Demo Day can be the launch if you need to fundraise. So all of our fundraising workshops and things are in month 3 along with selling, because your very first investors are your customers, and we'll say that a lot during this program as well as Demo Day, prep. So we'll do a bunch of pitch workshops, pitch practices all these different things to get your demo day set ready. Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you may have already built, and if you have, we'll just help you sell more. Yeah, that's true. We do do selling, and a lot of sales as well, depending on your that's it. And then we have this fourth month.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: which one of our other team members likes to call month for. But that's techs. Alumni. So you guys, that's forever after techs. So what that looks like it's will help you close it around will help you sell your meeting with us. It doesn't. There's no
Neal Sáles-Griffin: end here. A lot of people call this the textures Cliff, and they almost feel like you drop off. But we actually design our programs after lots of iterations to help you guys not feel that way as much. It just continues in a different format. And you guys will also be able to help each other feel that way by continuing the meetings that we have amongst yourself.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So a lot of our founders continue to meet for Kpis weekly, and things like that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Is there a set date for mental? Yes, weeks, 4 and 5. So next week is week one. So you can count that out. I believe it is just the beginning of November.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Another question. Appreciate?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, that's geographic question. Alumni chapter. They're asking about this part. That is something that kind of goes down during Covid. But it's starting back up. So that's something you can ask about at founder contract because it's just now starting back up. And also Brooke mentioned it. So Brooke and Ali, I think they're organizing. Can you
Neal Sáles-Griffin: do? They do third Thursdays in the bay. They go between San Francisco and Oakland, and they're in-person.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So Brook and Land know more about the third Thursday that they do, and that's kind of like the chapters that they do in the day. So I hope that answered your question.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It sounds like New York will study. That chapter is up again. If anyone's interested in that
Neal Sáles-Griffin: cool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: great
Neal Sáles-Griffin: other questions about this
Neal Sáles-Griffin: cool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: alright so Standard week just so that you guys have an idea of what it would look like. So Monday, through Thursday we usually have a workshop in in the morning of each one each day. You'll have an Md. Round Table check in with the Ceos, and then the whole team will have a program team, one on one, if not multiple. With Frona and Naji and other members of the program team every week. It might not necessarily be on Tuesday, because we have a lot of companies, so it might be a different day of the week.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And while that may seem redundant, it's fundamentally different. So the check ins with me at the top of the week covers different content and updates than what you'll talk about with the program team on Tuesday.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's usually us checking in to make sure the program itself is supporting you every we're talking. I'm talking about your business strategy, other issues you're dealing with. We're kind of talking about the business itself. So goals, things like that on Tuesday with the program team
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that we're reinforcing everything we talked about on
Neal Sáles-Griffin: operationally. Sometimes you have questions. Where do I find this? You'll have assignments every week, so they'll check in on the assignment.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But for you it's only 15 to 20 min. So it's not too much time and not a lot of time yourself.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Minimum month. One is much more heavy. In week 6. That's when it kind of standardizes to look like this, so it won't look like this for a while in this first month, because of a lot of hectic kind of scheduling. Yeah, week 6 to 13 will look like this. On Fridays. We have our 12 by 12, you guys will be split. So your programs will have them by themselves. That's when we go round tables. Talk about our week together.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Small group meetings. We'll have CEO and Cxo small group meetings. And those are for you guys as people. So that's how we hear how you guys as founders are doing. They're rough
Neal Sáles-Griffin: lifestyle. Being a founder. It's a rough time I feel a lot of time. So you guys clearly know what I'm talking about. That's really important. We started that about 4 programs ago, and it's been instrumental.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: The thing that we've heard across 7 programs and all of the Chicago ones that I've been a part of from before. That
Neal Sáles-Griffin: is the number. One thing that comes out of tech stars is the connections you will have with each other
Neal Sáles-Griffin: even beyond our ability to be connected. You all will form your own personal bond.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That bond gets formed on those Wednesday sessions now, because y'all keep in river with each other. And what's really going on in your lab you learn about, you know, people's personal lives and your families and kids and other challenges that you're facing or opportunities you're you're facing. So it's it's a way for you to all to really step up and support each other in a very, very deep, personal way.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: The last thing I want to highlight on here are the social chair events. So that starts in week. 6 will pair you guys up, and every Thursday, late afternoon into the evening. A little bit is for you guys to tell your founder stories, so we'll be virtual. It's deeply as important that you guys learned Neil, founder story as it is that we learn yours. And what we've learned is that a lot of you have some crazy journeys for how you got here, and every single person's story is incredibly unique.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: usually very surprising. Maybe you have backgrounds that we haven't thought of before, and it just completely changes our perspective to hear the incredible things that each and every one of you have been through to get to this point. So that's my personal favorite part of the program.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay? And then we thought, social scare because we're virtual. So we actually passed the pair with coming up with a fun social event virtually so. You can be pretty creative in the first 30 min before you tell their founder story. So we've had anything from like a virtual cocktail class to a virtual baby shower for someone who's gonna have a baby trivia night. We had someone do family feud with questions about the program team, and they split everybody up. It was.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: it's really creative. And we give prizes to whoever gets voted with the best social event by the end of the program. So it's kind of a cool competition, and it keeps all the fun alive while we're in virtual
Neal Sáles-Griffin: alright.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: How does the hyper programming work. Yes, it's exactly how we're set up now, except the program team will also be on Zoom. So it'll be a little bit better cause you'll see our faces
Neal Sáles-Griffin: right now. It's kind of awkward because we're all in person, and they're on here in hybrid. We're all just on zoom, so you'll see install. It'll be a lot like how last week was. What we'll be doing is this, space will be set up so that if you're here using it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You'll probably on your computer still, log in on Zoom. Some of us will be here. Some of us won't be here. It'll be kind of mixed in hybrid like that. But some of us will be accessible to play, but we we learned how to be hybrid from day one. So we had our first program 7 programs ago, 4 years ago, 6 weeks in Covid hit. And we've been remote and virtual and hybrid everything.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright
Neal Sáles-Griffin: cool
Neal Sáles-Griffin: mentor whiplash. This is really important. So I will do a whole session for you guys before mentor madness. I see front of smiling because this is really important. I'll do a whole session on mentors before mentor madness to prepare you guys. But I like to tell you guys this now, because you're gonna already start meeting with mentors as early as next week.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So Mentor, whiplash as you can imagine, is being swayed all different ways. So you guys come in, be like funded. You wanna learn things. Mentors aren't like us. They will be prescriptive to you, and they'll tell you exactly what you think. Then you'll go to your next meeting 30 min later, and they'll tell you the exact opposite.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So then a lot of people, what do I do? How do I know what to do. It's very like heart wrenching. What? How do I know what to do?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Literally, you just have to know, like these? These are human beings. Some of them are designed like us, where they're like, get first. And they're gonna tell you the right advice, but not tell you what to do. Others are gonna go. This is exactly what you should do. I've done this 10 times before. If you don't do it the way I'm saying it, you're gonna think.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And you just have to be able to take that process it and move on from whatever is in health. And we're gonna prepare you to do that. But just know we can't control who these people are and how they operate, and we still want you to have access to their brilliance.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There's still something valuable to extract from people that you either disagree with, or you may not jive with their communication.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so we'll help you through that. But just know that there's a whole lot of smart folks all in the world, but especially in the Bay area, who built successful companies that we're trying to pull in to help you all. Learn from
Neal Sáles-Griffin: on the other side of that, too. There are people that you're going to have an extreme affinity tour, and you're gonna wanna follow every single thing that they say. If they say Jump off a clip, you say, Okay, but they're not the ones that are going to be there for the next 7 years, so they could tell you something that worked for them. We had someone talk about Facebook ads. One time. That was 7 years ago when they sold their business. That doesn't work as well now. Maybe it needs it to be Tiktok, and that founder got a little bit upset at the mentor, but the mentor was just giving the advice that they had
Neal Sáles-Griffin: at the end of the day. You guys are the ones making our decisions, and there's no one to blame when there are things advice that you take.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So just be aware everyone's gonna tell you something different. It is I. What do we say? It's a plus. It's a feature, not a bug. It's the feature, not a bug. So we have a diverse set of opinions. People we're bringing in do not have the same mindset or mentality. And that's so that you guys can be exposed to as many ideas as possible. So hopefully, one is the one that's gonna Skyrocket. You
Neal Sáles-Griffin: alright!
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What are the key dates? We want to be in? Sf, 4 besides week one and demo day.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Mentor. Madness is completely virtual, so you don't need to be an Sf. At all for that. Demo day week. The week of January eleventh is the only other time that you're mandatory required to be in person.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But we will have one more optional in-person meetup during week 6. That's completely optional. We usually have about half of our founders come in for that. But whoever asked that question online don't worry. If you're not able to come in for that. The main thing is January, eleventh week. So that you guys can pitch in person and practice that in person. Demo?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright. So that's global network partners. Brooke, do you wanna cover the global network partners
Neal Sáles-Griffin: do have anything to say about them, or just be with us.
It's like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: committed to
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the success of all of our companies and our cohorts. And they work across, of course, our global
Neal Sáles-Griffin: textbooks and actually would network. Oh, we can't talk
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and so you'll see them involved in different things. You'll see them a lot of founder, Cohen having different foods, sponsoring different things, and they also give a lot back, so they'll have office hours. In some cases
Neal Sáles-Griffin: they will have someone who's assigned to us to support. If you need any of their services, or want a better understanding of what they offer may offer. Also a lot of discounts that are available to you all through techs are the universe. So you'll see what those are especially if you already are using one of those services, or you want to be using one of the services. Great way to get a bit of a discount on that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What's up? I'll have it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Things about partners. we have. We have some people we get adopted as as favorite sometimes.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I know Amazon in particular. They really like our team. Also, they always do like a trivia night thing with Amazon prizes and stuff like. Also they're super helpful to the founders like they will meet with you. They will participate in mentor madness. CTO. Office hours from the Al office hours from the team. They'll help you with the product.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Mercury is one of the newest partners that we have. I had a great meeting with their lead. A few weeks ago they reached out to me personally and said, Hey, and we want to connect like you. We heard what you're doing and want to help your founders. But just know like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: not only are they already committed to helping you because your tech stars, but they'll help you more if they like you and you just form a relationship with some of these people, with them, to work with them, to get additional perks on their products. That's up to you to form that relationship even beyond what we set you up to that
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that starts this Friday right? Brooke Brett will be there and
Neal Sáles-Griffin: no at the happy hour. Okay, that's just us. Okay, they were not coming on Friday.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We
Neal Sáles-Griffin: okay. We tried to get breath. They wanted to be here that they were busy. So you guys will make them another guy. Alright.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So you you're like, I need stimulating. Our partners work there to cover. That's great.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright household. Councillor Nolan.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: This is very important. Thankfully, we haven't had these issues in the program at all. But we have to say it. We we have a 0 balance policy towards way we ask you all to be mindful and respectful, and the thing I will always go back to think about your own business.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You're gonna have to hire people. You're gonna have to bring in lots of people from different perspective in the background. So you yourselves and your companies will have to have a policy around this.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and we'll just start together. Now, you know, from, you know, do tech stars. The only I guess component of this we can maybe make you mindful of and warn you about is mentors. Sometimes like there's a lot of people we meet them. We've got them, but I don't know them. I don't know them as well as I know all of you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So sometimes we have had to remove human transition program because either they said, the wrong thing is that the inappropriate thing, or we found out from someone else that in some other beginning or in some other program, they behaved in a way that we weren't aware of.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So just know that we're doing our absolute best to screen from that from the beginning. But every now and then there might be a bad actor, namely, the ones that are asking you for equity in your businesses without doing any interviews that have a meeting.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that's unacceptable to us. Every manager that joins our program knows that they have no right to ownership for access to anything from you. You don't owe them any money they're volunteering, and they're doing this out of the kindness of their heart and a desire to support you as a founder, nothing more.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So if there's ever an issue like that that comes up. You can come to me directly with that, and we will handle it swiftly.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: No one should ever be making you feel uncomfortable during this entire process. So if that ever happens. yep.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: let's get daily. Yeah. So the calendar right now is built out through week 2, we say check it daily because we have a lot of different things that come up so workshop hosts have family emergency users need to reschedule. So it is not set in stone, you should see it as maybe like 80%, 90% set in stone. But we do like retain the right to change it. We try not to do that like the day before, and if we do, we let you know via base camp.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but just know that it is set you guys will get the rest of the week rolled out at in the coming weeks as we finalize more things with some more mentors. But does anyone have questions about the calendar? Because I received a couple of questions, more yeah
be a session
Neal Sáles-Griffin: yeah, through week. 2, the only thing that might be added is just a program team, one on one for 15 min. That's not on there. But
Neal Sáles-Griffin: yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that's the Google Calendar, and it'll be redundant on base camp. You guys will also be able to find the calendar on base. I want to talk about that. We'll talk about it more. If you want to hang up, we can change what you said. No, no, it's fine. Okay, cool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Did you have another question? Okay, cool. We'll make sure, like calendars. I'm very passionate about making sure everyone knows where things are and when things are, and there's redundancy as well. So if you look here, it's there. Look there, it's there, too.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Can we add our team to some workshop to the calendar? Yes, so you won't add them to the workshop. You can send me their emails, and we'll just add them to the full program calendar. So even people on your team who might just be popping in sometimes there will be a task in base camp. Once you get on, that's like, post your part time members email, if you want them to be added to the calendar, and then I'll add them for you that we're giving them access
Neal Sáles-Griffin: after programming to these things. Oh, we should say that now. Yeah, we all need to know this. Yeah. So textile for live, there's I don't know any other program that does this. I hope that they do. We haven't talked about it. But I came up with this idea like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: well, if you go through my program one, you can just keep going through it as much as you want, because sometimes you bring on key members like a new Co founder or an executive level member, and you want them to have access or exposure to the culture that you were able to form.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So we actually invite all of our alumni companies to re participate in program, if they would like, in whatever way they would like. I just want to review financial modeling. Can I come to this? And they've come come back 10 years later, right? We have recordings of some of them, but not most of some of the unique workshops that we have. You're only going to get it if you're there and live in in the moment.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So you can come back and do that again if you'd like. We have one company I invested in 4 years ago.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's finally found itself. It took many years. And they're finally like, Wow, we've made over 2 million in revenue or 4 million in revenue. And actually, we have fired one of the companies that I actually turned out my program cause. I introduced them to get help. And they said, Wow, now we have a proper, you know tech cobounders, and we can build this thing, and we're doing well. And now they're going through program as the thirteenth company in Chicago.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So it's really cool to see they're gonna meet them. They're coming on the roof. They are coming on the retreat because they're a chef company, but they're a chef
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Michelin star stuff you're gonna eat very well on the tree.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So the calendars that you guys have. They're separate for the program. Those are the calendars forever. So it you'll see in 6 months when we round up our other program, you're gonna start seeing things on your calendar and you can deselect it. But it's the same calendar. So you'll be able to see forever more
Neal Sáles-Griffin: cool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: almost done.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Virtual engagement. Did you want to reiterate? Yeah, I want to reiterate this. We said it last week.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but our our reputation is important. People won't come back if they feel like founders aren't engaged. I think we've had challenges in the past. with
Neal Sáles-Griffin: participation, people showing up on time of people being fully engaged with mentors and workshops and sessions being respectful, even if the sessions some are gonna be super amazing and like like over the top and the presenters are, gonna be extremely prepared. And you're gonna feel like it's super well done, and very valuable other ones. You're gonna have to like fight to extract the value right? Cause you're like this person. Maybe they're tired, or maybe you know the content itself is slightly redundant from what you've seen.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So long as you communicate with us giving, we get feedback on every single session. We do
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so if you tell us a yeah, it's kind of mediocre, we'll tweak it. We'll make it better next time we'll improve it for the next class, and we'll make sure the next
Neal Sáles-Griffin: workshop we invite you to. We take that feedback and we incorporate it. But we ask for your enthusiastic engagement and participation for every session.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because we think you'll get the most out of it if you do
Neal Sáles-Griffin: cool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, it's very important that you guys are supported by your family. If you remember, one of the questions in the survey we asked you is, Do you have the full support of your significant other family members, whatever that might be friends. Whatever your situation is.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because it's going to be a wild ride the next 13 weeks you might not be around as much, and it actually weighs on the family members and friends a lot more than you might think.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Halfway through the program we usually get a couple of founders whose hardship of the week was that their family or friends were upset, that they weren't around. So let them know right now. It is only temporary, you understand their commitment, and how much they're sacrificing for you to be here, and that you're very grateful. It's really important to set that upfront to take care of them and let them know before things get hard later. And and this is one of the things in general
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so like move tech stars out of the way, forget about tech stars. The fact that you've already been building your business. You know how hard it is to explain to people what it is you're doing and what you're going through right? Some people don't take it seriously. Start up. I'm trying to do the same like, oh, whatever like, what does that mean how real is that? So? There's a disconnect, a lot of times for people not in this world. So you all have a unique opportunity, because you have a whole class of people who know what you're going through. You can rely on it, communicate with.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and it's super important, and make sure you share that with your loved ones to communicate more of those challenges that you're going through. So you have their support.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Great
Neal Sáles-Griffin: lives, not dots. I love. I love this slide. Yeah, this is big for us. But just know that there's you. Now.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: there's you in different ways. And
Neal Sáles-Griffin: what we're tracking as investors and your supporters and your backers. What techars is paying attention to what the mentors are paying attention to, what the people who you want to be on your cap table and invest in you you're paying attention to isn't just where you are. In a moment
Neal Sáles-Griffin: it's what you said you would do, and then you're checking your updates over time. Where do you go? You might be the worst business in the world to someone right now. I've had this happen so many times where Venture says they're not going to make it
Neal Sáles-Griffin: demo Day.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: They're their first check because they were shocked at how much of a Delta.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: those founders and their business were able to achieve. So just know that in any given moment someone may or may not like you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But if you continue to focus on what matters to you and make a progress in your business. You're gonna turn a lot ahead and change a lot of minds. And whoever's still a hater. Well, that's on them, because they're just gonna miss out on riding away with right?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So we'll teach you more about that over time. But just know that not everyone's going to be your fan, and it's fine
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we usually emphasize. That's why metrics are so important and measuring the right thing. So we'll have a Kti session probably in week, one or 2 where you guys will start measuring the correct thing we do that every week. Did you hit it. If you didn't hit it, why or why not? And what is your next goal? And like? Then we just do that again and again and again. So people might just be at a plateau, or maybe not hitting it. But at the end of program, hopefully, you can get to a cadence where you are consistently hitting your goals because you you have those leverage correct.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's what matters here. And that's why those weekly updates are so important for your community and investors
Neal Sáles-Griffin: hitting most out of text prices. Just general advice, we can speed through it. Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: yeah, be close to each other. We said, all this be present and intellectually honest.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, we'll settle that, too.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Meetings, mentors. We can do that. Yeah, connect
Neal Sáles-Griffin: next slide.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So this is important. Yeah. So you have by the end of next Friday to decide whether you want to take this.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think some of you have already made that decision, and you're good to go. Some of you are still thinking about it. If you need any advice before to assess this further, let's talk about it. Just know that I'm here to advocate to you as best I can. The only restrictions are they don't make a lot of exceptions or negotiate with these things.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so I'll do my best to make sure that there's something on the margins or on the edge that we can work through. I can do that. But
Neal Sáles-Griffin: let's just say that you raised a hundred $1,000 on a 5 million.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's not going to pass the test of 250 k. Or more to get the 5 million cash. So I just want you all to know that guy. I've never gotten anything like that through. What I have gotten through is like 230 k.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Right? And that's either by like getting another investor to put in 20 k, or like being tech, start to look bad like. Let's just make this happen, you know, like can do that kind of thing on the edge. But just so, you know, that's the kind of margins.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: it's also if you say you raise 100 k. At 3 and then 100 k. At 4, and then 50 k. At 5, they're gonna take the 3 5. So you know. So if there's a mixed batch in there, it's whatever is the lowest.
It?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, so so 2 years. Okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Technically, it's at the time that I may be offered to that. This would need to be true.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I've never done this before, but like I could kick you out of program right now, and maybe re-operate to you and like, now, the text are like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I don't know. But like I'm willing to do that kind of crazy stuff. Try to make something work founder first, like founder first like, if that's something we want me to do, let's try it. Guarantee it to work. But, like, kick you out of work. Get out here, you know. Let's do it again. A minute later you're back. Okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but I do play with the legal team a little bit, because I
Neal Sáles-Griffin: well, so you know, I got some personal cloud credit
Neal Sáles-Griffin: a little bit. I mean that people don't.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You're friendly to everyone. Well, yeah, I'll give you an example of during Covid. This isn't allowed.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: No, no, this no, not no, we're recording right now, whatever we'll cut it out. So I'm gonna tell you some. So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I've bought every
Neal Sáles-Griffin: time they're in the program and VR headset
Neal Sáles-Griffin: a quest to a quest to, because we're in Covent and we can meet them in real life. And I was like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: kind of wanna play poker. We don't
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and hang out. So I hosted a movie night star. We played poker. VR, we did some other cool stuff, but it was. It was a lot of fun but
Neal Sáles-Griffin: they call that a gift, and I guess there's a cap and a limit on doing that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We got it, too. Alright. That was cool weekly. We talked about weekly after.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, motivation. Yeah, so this is motivation. But at the end of the day, what people one of the like kind of low key things that people say about effect programming experience is that you get more done in 3 months than what you would have done on your own in one to 2 years.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that's what we mean by accelerator, by joining a bunch of highly motivated people that are hyper focused on a mission and a goal
Neal Sáles-Griffin: holding you accountable to your Kpis and your performance, getting the best practical advice you can from brilliant people over the world.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It just creates this energy and this vibe of progress that none of.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and this is your time to not only take advantage of that in the moment, but to keep the momentum going yourself and the culture of each of your companies going forward.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We can't guarantee that people claim. That's something you all have to foster together by supporting each other by meeting up by interacting with one another. People meeting on each other's sales calls, they strategize with each other, take control of the situation. We're here as a vessel for your progress. But it's up to all of you all to foster the right culture for each of your companies to thrive and hit this slow state of progress.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay, so that's the challenge to you. And I mean that for both programs.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So we've got Oakland, and we've got Sf.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we've got ebay and we've got JB. Morgan. We've got partners that are here to help you. You've got different zones in the Bay area that I'm still trying to get familiar with. I don't even know I'm gonna live tomorrow, but we'll figure it all out together.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I'm just I'm just ready to ride. But I'm like so excited to figure this place out, and we've got people who have been here for a long time that can help us figure it out. So let's take advantage of this crazy, cool network that we have access to and build our own vibe and culture.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So let's send it back. I mean freestyle, while you set up base camp. So let's go through the schedule. Well, Neil gets his base up. We can just freeze this now. So that we can show you guys the base camp tutorial. But
Neal Sáles-Griffin: for the next couple of days. So tomorrow, through Thursday, we have no programming. You guys are just take full advantage of Foundercon. If you have questions or need anything, I will be at Foundercon, I think.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: anyone else from our team is going to be there, are you guys going to phone us on? Yeah, okay. So like our whole team pretty much is, gonna be there?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We'll come back together on Friday. Back here in this space we have a couple of workshops in the morning, and then in the afternoon, we're gonna go to Sf. To do our trial city mixer which we're so excited for. So a couple of people have asked me. So we we consider Open and Ss. 2 different cities. So with Chicago. Those are our 3 cities. So we have people in sports right now. So we consider the Chicago cohort kind of your brothers and sisters. They're a month ahead. You guys can ask them like, how was mentor madness? They're coming right off of Ment. If they finish last Friday.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Ask them about that. Ask them about what they took advantage of in their week, one, or maybe what they would have done differently. So it'll be a extreme advantage to get network with them on Friday. And then they also all have their own networks, different industries, things that you can take advantage of. And they're probably gonna ask you guys as well. So getting the 36 of you guys altogether at a restaurant is, gonna be awesome.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: No, you have the whole screen out cool. Yeah, you can unplug so that you can. Okay, perfect.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay, okay, cool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yep. So. And then we'll want we'll want, like immersion editor, an example of a an individual
Neal Sáles-Griffin: cool. Does anyone have questions about the schedule for this week
Neal Sáles-Griffin: on Friday? Is the mixer from 2 to 4. We'll leave directly from here at about 1 30 we'll wrap up our workshops
Neal Sáles-Griffin: cool, and then in person next week, same thing as today. Monday through Friday. We'll be here the whole time. The ebay people, you guys are gonna go to a separate place from Tuesday and Wednesday
Neal Sáles-Griffin: in Ss.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: who? Who asked us.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: oh, yeah, it's in Sf, the ex exact address is in the logistics document and also in the pre program. Update number one that I sent and then on Thursday we're splitting. So Oakland will have the morning off. Ebay is finishing up with their partners, and we're gonna meet all of us. They're gonna be at the Sf. Office because we have a really cool event that Brook planned for us for Thursday evening, and it's at Golden Gate Park, which is like really far from here.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So we're gonna go to that ebay sf, office. That's just a very temporary co working place. We just got that so that the ebay partners could meet us close to their office. So that office is not another office that we have. We're just renting it out for 3 days, and we'll all get to take advantage of it on Thursday afternoon for a workshop, and then we'll leave together to go to the fun event.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay, yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Advice for Founder Khan. Does anyone back there want to give advice for founder, Kahn
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Ramonaji Brooke? Oh, yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: people ask good questions.
Ximena Paul: So I have a question on founder Khan.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yep. yeah. Let me go near Naji, so you guys can hear.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I've been getting some stuff about some of their really cool businesses. Talk them about some of the challenges that you're having. They might be having some and
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and provide really interesting feedback. I think that's great advice. Someone on the on the line has a question. Can you say it again?
Ximena Paul: So I've been getting this like invitations through the app
Ximena Paul: for a dinner here, or something over there, but they're at the same time of some events are in the agenda of the event like networking things.
Ximena Paul: So so you've been getting
Neal Sáles-Griffin: yeah. So they someone on the line has asked me. They've gotten invitations to certain events and dinners that might be like off record that aren't on the agenda. So how do you decide what to go to.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay. Whatever's more fun. As you said, I would say, whatever you think, you can get the most value out of
Neal Sáles-Griffin: if you're saying that it can flip with our agenda. It's very important that you come to our things on Friday. Got it so then the thing on the agenda that says networking. That's just like free time for you guys to meet with people. Because I think they realize they over scheduled you guys in the past, we weren't able to actually form connections and talk to people. So they have like a couple of hours. You guys can take meetings during that time. There's nothing actually happening. Yeah. Question over here.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah. It's like the arrival time, general networking, though tomorrow night is my favorite part of founder Kong cause our CEO is gonna give an address which is really cool, to hear from her mile as an awesome lady. I really like her and look up to her so definitely make sure that you're there tomorrow evening for the kickoff. It's really cool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay, so let's go through this. We have about 10 min. So Neil, let's go to the homepage so that we can show them what they're gonna see? So when you guys get into base camp, you're gonna only see the Hq. And you'll see your company's name on a project. You won't see any of this, so you'll see 2 different ones. The first thing to do is to go up to your profile and add a profile picture. Go to your profile.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Add a profile picture right there. That's the most important thing
slides
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you also not emphasize this enough? Yeah, it'll be our initials if you don't put it there, and it's hard for us to see in like the tiny little bubbles. So let's go to the settings. Now, the second thing you need to do go to notification settings, very good change notification settings
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and go over here.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Send me email, notifications. Everybody needs to unclick this, it will become unbearable. I will send you a lot of things.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and you will not like. So please unclip that a lot of the people forget to unplug it. And then they complain about how many emails they're getting. So that's why I tell people very first thing you should do. Because you guys can have the native app on your laptops. No matter what OS you use, you can have it on your phone, or you could just use the browser. You do not need to get email notifications. However, you do need to check base camp every day. So that's on, you guys. The other thing down here. Do you wanna explain works? Actually, I should probably just send somebody.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: The work can wait. Is that you guys do not need to be messaged or get notifications outside of your own working hours. So Neil, myself, the program team work kind of crazy. Sometimes we do weird hours message you at 11 pm. Things like that. It is not for you guys to respond. However, we put the emphasis on you guys to manage your own notification.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I that's I'm not waking you up. If I send you something really late also, we have different time zones. I might be somewhere else, and it'll be like 3 Am. For you. So you guys are, it's on you to manage your own notifications. And when you want
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you and then, you know, we can go back to the home page. So the Hq. Is where everything happens.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Let's look at it. So there are 5 different tools here. Schedule is very easy schedule is the copy of the Google Calendar. This is our Chicago one. So you guys will have a very similar one. We all each have your own for your own program. This is where you can find everything that is copied from the Google Calendar. We tried to keep all the changes up to date in here, so at any given time it should match
Neal Sáles-Griffin: campfire. This is like the water cooler. This is what you would think of as like just a general slack channel. You're not expected to keep up to date with this. This is purely social. We're sharing fun photos. We're just chatting, hey? I'm in the office. Whoever wants to grab coffee things like that. Nothing that is important should go in the campfire. It should be purely fun. So if you guys have something you need to see, and you post it here, expect that we won't see it. It is much more just recreation
Neal Sáles-Griffin: docs and files. This replaces Google drive. So as you can see, you can link Google drive things here. But all of the program related documents, the handbook photos that we have workshop recordings, anything else.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It all goes here.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You'll see the welcome. Let us hit with our code of conduct things like that. So that is where all the documents for the program live. Automatic check-ins will get to at some point that at some point in the program, probably in week 3. This is where you'll upload your kpis every week. We do it asynchronously, and then comment to give each other feedback before the call that we have.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, yes, this is different. So your weekly update is like an update on your whole business. This is just your pci update. So this is just on your metrics.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: internal for only us. This is not going outside of just this group right here. And our mentors like our yeah eirs that we mentioned.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So in Chicago, they're a couple of weeks ahead. So they're already doing there. So this is their weekly update.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There are some questions we ask you guys to answer like, How are you gonna hit this next week? And then they show it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And it's it's kind of a challenge like trying to get the right metrics. So we have a whole workshop on that, and they'll change throughout the time, cause you'll realize you're measuring the wrong thing and kind of alter. That message. Board is the most important thing here. If you check one thing every day, it should be the message board. Anything that's important is here. Do you wanna click on like a weekly what to expect. So there in week 4.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: This is this is what you guys will see every single week, every Friday before the program week kicks off, and you'll be able to see a full rundown of the week. Everything that you need to know, every workshop we're gonna have. I will post this usually Friday afternoon. You can read through it at your own pace. And any questions.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, yeah, here's your guide. Okay. this is me letting them know that they're going to meet you guys.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Which is super cool. And there's also like fun things that I add in here. But the most important thing is to read the entire thing because a lot of questions you have about the week will probably be answered in this document. So make sure that you're reading that every week.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, it's kind of pixelated if you're done fine.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So the last thing, Neil, is their own individual project.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There will also be a channel or a project just for Ceos. I'm not gonna go through that right now, but that's where you guys will add your goals, and we'll get into that at a different time. So emergent. Ed is one of our portfolio companies in Chicago. This is an example of what you guys will see you can chat with our program team in the campfire. Your whole team will be in here, and we can add part time participants in here as well.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So just let us know. Message board is how we let you guys know things. So they got their mentor madness groups in here. They got their ad hoc mentors in here. They also ask questions. So you guys can post things on the message board. That's something we didn't show in the Hq. But that's the main way that you guys can organize things and talk to each other. You guys can post messages as well. So you'll see that founder app.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and then to do this, the other important thing here. So every week can you view as card mail
Neal Sáles-Griffin: every week? You guys will get it to do. List here so week one. When you get added, you'll get your week one to do list for next week. This
Neal Sáles-Griffin: well, this is Chad. He's done every single thing which is awesome, so it'll have retreat. Info! It'll have every single assignment. The reason that we do this is because in the past. We put it only in the weekly what to expect, and some of our founders felt like it was hard to see what assignments they had. So now we just list them out. So if you've checked everything off here every week, you're done, you're good.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we had to learn this the hard way, because a lot of the times you'll have a lot going on. And it's like, How do we make your life easy to know what exactly we need from you to do what we can do to help you each week during program. So we list it out very explicitly. So so long as you check all these off.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You've done your job for us, and what's cool is that now you can anticipate
Neal Sáles-Griffin: maybe times when you're gonna be more busy
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and you'll need extra help. So if we put this all on your plate we're like, Hey, we need you to do all this. You're like, I can't do all this. I have other things going on that week. All you gotta do is communicate with us. You can comment on to do itself and say, Hey, I can't actually get this done. Can we adjust the timeline? Or can I actually skip this commitment or obligation so long as we communicate proactively? We're all good.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So just know it's not like we're giving you extra stuff, despite what you have going on in your business and in your life, we just have this as a means of communicating our expectation.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Mutual.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that was the main thing I wanted to explain. You also have docs and files in your own individual project where your documents will live as well, that if you're trying to the program, but that's the end of the basic tutorial. So we have a couple of minutes for questions. Yeah. Question.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: no. We wait until we show you guys before we add you on. So the question was, should you have gotten the invitation. You'll get it tomorrow. So I'm gonna send out a big email tomorrow, while you're you'll get the handbook. You'll get your base camp invite, which is actually gonna be a separate invitation
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that is going to whatever email you put in the class roster. So there is someone that wants a different email for your base camp. Let me know. Like, if you've used it before or something.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we got 2 min. Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Time. Formally, we can go over time to answer any other questions. But,
Neal Sáles-Griffin: yeah, what can we do?
Mariana | Cut + Clarity: Logistics or question about retreat? Yeah. It's a are we leaving from the office space on the thirteenth because I wanted we're leaving from the office space. Yeah. Sorry, Mariana, go ahead. Yeah. Great. No, just because I'll I'll check out of my hotel that day, and then I'll
Mariana | Cut + Clarity: good question. You guys can check out of your hotels or wherever you're staying on Friday morning. We will not. You do not need to go back to this accommodation. You can bring all your stuff. You can put it anywhere. Here we have a lot of space. We'll go to the roof for that mentor event we're having that day, and then we'll all leave in car pool that will be assigned
Neal Sáles-Griffin: out to tassel.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yep, and I apologize. Usually I would post that at my house.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So so we're gonna be able to
Neal Sáles-Griffin: cool a question here
Neal Sáles-Griffin: channel with the caller campfire.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Well, a lot of it is here. So we don't have one. Can we see right here? Someone is asking for help with, how do they do their follow up emails with mentors. They post it there. We also have Whatsapp groups that people make individually. But that's like separately from us. Yeah, I can say a little bit more about communication with the founders. You all decide
Neal Sáles-Griffin: what communication platform you prefer collectively. Sometimes it's a big text message group. Sometimes it's Whatsapp that seems to be a very popular tool right now. Sometimes it's slack. We don't use slack. We use base camp. Sometimes it's basic.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And you all will form a group. People have done that form where a group there
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I don't want to dictate where you all should decide as a group to communicate with each other. We want to encourage you to find a way to decide that amongst yourself, because every class is different and each of you have your own preferred communication tool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin:  I guess the only other thing I could say is, my my recommendation
Neal Sáles-Griffin: is Boxer, because
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I have saved so much time over the past 4 years by having these voice members. So if you have boxes, one on one between you and each company, or each founder, and then you have a group Boxer people can just throw in voices
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like memos. And for questions, it's a text messages. But typically voice request, you listen to a 30 s. Hey, does anybody know any developers that are available to do the movie on Radio 4 contracting for a month
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and like 3 people, respond within a few days, or even less a few hours.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But I love that because you could be on a walk around Lake Merritt, you could be in a car, and you can very quickly hear what's going on and respond to them.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But if that's not your style, it's all good, but that's my preference and recommendation, because that's how I work. Usually a few leaders will kind of emerge out of the group and they'll put that together. It's up to you guys if you want to do a giant 24, and then 2 of the 12, or you just all want to be together all the time. It's up to you. This kind of a unique situation where you get extra people to talk to.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, yeah, that's just kind of an optional.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Neil
Neal Sáles-Griffin: question in the back. Yes.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: contact list. Oh, that's a good idea, Kate. Can you write that up
Neal Sáles-Griffin: contact lists for for Tri cities? That's cool. We'll give you their email. That's the best we can do, because that's what we have written down. Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we're going to have text guards again
Neal Sáles-Griffin: day one
Neal Sáles-Griffin: yup and thenouncement goes out on, I text newsroom that Neil will write 2 2 separate blocks, so I'll be introducing you all in separate classes and then bringing it all together. So the one line. Are you
Neal Sáles-Griffin: correct? Correct? You don't go public for them. If you do, it would hurt my feelings.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You can tell the people that founders aren't, but only but people that are founders and tell them to keep it on. The Dl.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And Neil will write that post, and the one liners that introduce you guys are what you put on the class roster. So if anyone wants to amend that because maybe you didn't know that was getting posted, let us know, because we're literally gonna copy and paste that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yes.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the mentors that are coming from madness, are they all from ebay? Are they from the network for the East Day cohort. Specifically, it's Gonna be like half and half. And then for Oakland it is our tech vars mentors so like the people that ebay are meeting with Oakland. We'll also try to get some JP. Morgan people in there as well.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Better book.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Good question. So our mentors in base camp. No base camp is only for you guys and us. So no one else is gonna be in this base camp, with the exception of Eirs, who will run our Kpis. You guys can read about that in the Handbook.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Brooke, do you want to talk about eco again?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I just need to confirm with them how to think that Ecos we use for mentoring. So there's a whole platform just for mentors. You can see all the mentors in our community that exist now, and we'll be adding a lot more as we get ebay onboard it as well, and it's a fully inclusive platform, so you can chat with mentors. You can
Neal Sáles-Griffin: schedule meetings with them through seeing their calendars and host meetings on there. And it it just makes it really easy for all of your meetings to happen in one place, and then you can very quickly start a conversation from those meetings. So if you're like, Hey, like it was been great talking with so and so meant, or I really want to meet with them every week. You can just quickly do it from that platform.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Thanks, Matt.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Any other questions? I just want to work.
hey?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And got up.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: The question is, should you mention that that sound
Neal Sáles-Griffin: don't publicize it in in a way, because we want to announce you all together because the Annap is much more effective. But you can absolutely leverage this information to build a network. Right now
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm in the upcoming like program. It's not public yet, so please keep it between us. But I'm just letting you know you know some language like that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, just be mindful and respectful. But we want you to use the information to tell your loved ones about what you're doing. We want to use the information to potentially bring in additional team members or interns or people. You want to hire and we also want you to leverage it in investor conversation.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That does mean that you guys are in a unique situation where, like, there's gonna be a lot of opportunities to post on social media this week. There are like, gonna be things where you can take pictures just save all of that for next week. So like everything that you do this week. You're gonna have lots of things you're gonna want to post. Just save it all up and you can put it out next. And to be clear, this is rare like, I don't think there's this. These programs are starting at a time that will probably never happen ever again. So it'll never be the week
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that a class will be starting out of Bay area from either Oakland or San Francisco. So.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: taking advantage of an extremely unique opportunity,
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Going forward. We know this. Like, there will be a more consistent schedule
Neal Sáles-Griffin: after they'll be on the schedule. That Chicago's on. Yeah. So when they started a month ago.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, I couldn't find it. I don't know where they keep it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Ii actually can't answer that. II was trying to find it to help you guys, but I couldn't find it. So when you get there you can ask the people that are running the event. Maybe it's in the app. I know there's an app I don't know.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There it was.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, there we go. Alex will answer your question after this. Yeah. So people on zoom reach out to Alex is realizing.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, Alex, Po, you guys can reach out to him if he wants.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, you don't. I don't have to count it out from next week. Being week one. I'm I'm not sure the date.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, and it'll be for 2 days, and I think you guys will probably overlap for one day, so you'll each come for 2 or 3 days overlap. And the reason we do that just so, you know, is that it's just after.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So what we've learned, cause we didn't do that before. Yeah, is that some of y'all got a lick, your wolf. because there's a lot of feedback. Your head is swirling, you're like, what do I do with my business? Where do I go? And we found that it's helpful for some of you to be in the same room.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: give each other a hug.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: debrief, strategize, have a beer, have a tea, have a coffee, and like just recalibrate, and then get back to it. Yeah.
all right.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, we're close. And we we get to make our program curriculum. So we'll probably have the way I've done it for Chicago is. We're gonna have a half day on the Wednesday before Thanksgiving, and then off on Thursday, off on Friday. And then II don't condone this for anyone else, but I'll keep it real with you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm never closed
Neal Sáles-Griffin: taking founder calls on Christmas Day. I'm just letting you know that like, if people need cause things come up that are very personal. Things come up that are very dire when, when, like things hit the fan, I'll be there, no matter what you can call me at 40'clock in the morning.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's actually not a joke
Neal Sáles-Griffin: for scheduling. Right?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: No. So so yeah, that's what I thought the question understood. So Thanksgiving Week will count as a week, because we're going to be there for half the week. That actual week of Christmas between like Christmas and New Year. That's one week
Neal Sáles-Griffin: tech starts as a company is closed, so that week doesn't count. We will probably take. Give you guys off a little bit leading up to that as well. I assume you're all traveling and stuff. So it's gonna be very lenient. But the only week that doesn't count. So tech is simply a 14 program from like the start date for that. So when we do this and it goes over the holidays, which again won't happen ever again, because we standardize in it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: riding down the mountain on my snowboard, and I'll pinky.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I don't care. I like hearing from you. You all are not only like people I work with, you know, as founders, but also my friends.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you know. So just know that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, that's right. Yeah, if you don't culture, they're like, it's all good.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Sorry, Liliana, can you repeat what week tech stars is closed between? Yeah, basically, when when Christmas is and then Texas reopens that first Monday after New years, which is like the second or something. I'm pretty sure we're gonna give you guys like 2 days. We won't start backup.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, just a second, so we'll start back up at like the fourth or fifth set. You guys can come back so we'll be lenient cause we don't want to do stuff where half of you guys aren't here, so we'll get that out as soon as possible. But just know, like there is a significant holiday break in there that you guys can be with your family very important, especially right before Demo Day. It'll be such a good morale boost to get to go. Do whatever you want to do for the holidays. Come back and be ready to go to the end of program.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I mean
Neal Sáles-Griffin: dinner day is scheduled to be in person with a live audience. Yep.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: II suspect it will. I mean, I don't know how it's gonna be out here.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But I think it'll be a big deal. Is someone asking a question online or someone's off mute online.
you know?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah. Umhm, yeah. So we're in the process of finalizing eirs, because you all are giving us the goal setting packets. So once we have your goal setting packets, we have a group of Irs that we're in the process considering right now, and it talks with depending on what you all say.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There's a chance we might put down additional people to get involved.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so you'll know that as soon as as soon as we have it secured
Neal Sáles-Griffin: any last questions.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Cool. That's cool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Hi, Brian
to be it
Neal Sáles-Griffin: finally only till, like 5 30 pst. On the Thursdays, when you do those founder founder stories.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's a good point.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Nothing after office hours is ever mandatory, nothing after hours mandatory. We don't do nighttime mandatory things we had. We had one founder from Israel who would go. He made every single one, and it was like one am. And he would just. He's like chilling.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: not required. We don't expect that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright. Thanks, everybody. Yeah. So we're we're done for lunch now, so everybody on Zoom will see you on the next zoom. So you guys are good to drop off. Everybody here you have about maybe an hour and 15 before John Hill, evangelist
Neal Sáles-Griffin: is coming. He's flying in just to talk to you guys. So he came in early, change this flight for founder, Con. He's gonna be like a major part of founder con this week. This is what he does. He flies all over the globe to talk about the tech start network. So he's gonna come, show you guys all about that. I'm very excited for it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Cool. So we'll see you right here at one Pm.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, sorry. 2 PS. 2 pm, yeah. You have 20 min. Yeah.
Mariana | Cut + Clarity: Okay, bye, everyone. Zoom. Thank you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'll take my headphones. But
Neal Sáles-Griffin: let's go mute that and end up.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Let's see.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Do you have 2 s? Yeah, let me end this.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So.